Add data path location for macOS starting from 10.15 (Catalina) (#4456)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/io/data_paths.rst

The ``user://`` prefix points to a different directory on the user's device. On
mobile and consoles, this path is unique to the project. On desktop, the engine
stores user files in ``~/.local/share/godot/app_userdata/Name`` on

> Linux, ``~/Library/Application Support/Godot/app_userdata`` on macOS (since Catalina) and ``%APPDATA%/Name`` on Windows. ``Name`` is based on the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux, ``~/Library/Application Support/Godot/app_userdata/Name`` on macOS (since Catalina) and ``%APPDATA%/Name`` on Windows. ``Name`` is based on the application
```

> Linux, ``Library/Application\ Support/Godot/app_userdata`` on Mac OSX (since Catalina) and ``%APPDATA%/Name`` on Windows. ``Name`` is based on the application

Reviewer: The backslash isn't part of the path – it's used to escape the space in shell when the path isn't quoted. Also, you've specified a relative path, but all paths should be absolute:

```suggestion
Linux, ``~/Library/Application Support/Godot/app_userdata`` on macOS (since Catalina) and ``%APPDATA%/Name`` on Windows. ``Name`` is based on the application
```

Author: Agreed, thank you.
